# BlockTune
To understand the objectives of Blocktune, we must first understand a few terminologies and scenarios. Let us first take the scenario where a person wants to buy a weapon, a Walther PPK 7.65 to be precise. When he enters a dealership, he can buy one out of numerous pieces manufactured. In fact, many people can buy a Walther PPK 7.65. Now, suppose a German museum is auctioning the Walther PPK 7.65 used by Adolf Hitler. It can only be bought by one person since it is the only piece in the world, making it a non-fungible asset or in simple words, a non-replaceable asset.

Now let us understand Blockchain. In very simple words, Blockchain is a linked list of ledgers. A ledger is something which records transactions. But rather than traditional double entry ledger, Blockchain employs a triple entry system which was first seen in the Yapese civilization. Consider a group where people can conduct transactions among themselves. If person A sells something to person B in exchange for some money, it is announced to the whole group and each member of the group maintains a ledger of the same. This makes non-repudiation possible. This is called the consensus protocol.

In the world of Blockchain, the first scenario can be emulated using smart contracts. When a person buys the Walther PPK 7.65, he receives a ‘claim’ in the form of a token stating that he is now the owner of that asset. This ‘claim’ cannot be replicated, making the token non-fungible as well. These tokens are called Non-Fungible Tokens or NFTs. This also adds security to the transaction using the consensus protocol. This system is being widely adopted in the creative space such as music, art, etc. where artists are auctioning their one-off products as NFTs.

The above scenario works for non fungible items, but what about fungible items such as commercial movies, songs, and assets of shared ownership? An example of such shared ownership would be that of multiple people owning a share of a property in a similar way that Pacaso does. Blocktube wants to revolutionize the music streaming industry where music is fungible and not a one-off asset.

The stack of the project shall consist of React for front-end, Ethereum for Blockchain, IPFS for datastore, Remix for IDE, Truffle and Metamask for emulation, and Solidity for Smart Contracts.

